Tweak templates for the comment on Air and/or Jarl failures (#201)
palaeoverse-community/palaeoverse: .github/workflows/templates/jarl-only.md

<!-- format-lint-check -->

> :x: This Pull Request failed our automated **linting checks**. Please resolve these prior to requesting review. We use Jarl to automatically lint R code. Please [install it](https://jarl.etiennebacher.com/#installation) (you might need to close and reopen RStudio after that) and run the following command in the terminal (not the R console) to find linting issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:x: This Pull Request failed our automated **linting checks**. Please resolve these prior to requesting review. We use Jarl to automatically lint R code. Please [install it](https://jarl.etiennebacher.com/#installation) (if you are using RStudio, you may need to close and reopen after that) and run the following command in the terminal (not the R console) to find linting issues:
```
